hey YouTube this is my unboxing on
Walker from Lizard King yup it's here
and bought it today my hundred percent
flame-broiled whopper from Burger King
so I'm just going to be doing some
boxing on this a whopper so here's the
Sai have it your way
Burger King so here it is here at BK we
work to create the perfect whopper
sandwich with honor percent bling but
awesome self and so awesome I can't even
stop reading anyway have have it your
way again and around around that is the
masterpiece of today this whopper was
made just for you awesome right there I
love that he was just stuff stuff laying
stuff alright good now oh my Walker okay
okay oh oh oh that is oh that is juicy
oh that is so juicy oh my god oh oh and
they gave me like a little thing to hold
it up aww oh oh okay anyway that's
that's really awesome oh my god they put
in some extras oh I love these these are
these are the special fries they gave
you at the bottom of the back I love
these either like my favorite and the
napkin I love these are like limited
edition like Burger King napkins oh my
I'm about to cry and that's that's the
end of the bag yeah yeah Hollis bliss
just take a look at oh look at that
tomato don't you say anyway
my beautiful Walker you are mine mmm-hmm
that was good anyway
so that's my own wait where is it
where's my drink oh give me a sec
just just take a look at a whopper
oh here are my fries just unbox the
fries - good fries gonna eat one mm-hmm
that's good um some stuff and my
favorite part of the meal my coke diet
coke drink is your way awesome stuff
awesome stuff and that is my unboxing of
the whopper from Burger King thank you